Call me early in the morning Before it is too late Just when the day is dawning To swing on the golden gate
I feel like I will expire if I don't get there by and by.
Then I wake me, shake me, Joe, I think it's too late.
I'm going away in the morning to swing on the golden gate.
to swing on the golden gate.
Won't you come and join the immigration?
Oh, I don't want to leave you behind.
We'll raise a great sensation when we reach that happy, happy climb.
Well, just hand me down that death star, case I'm bound to look first ray.
I must not lose.
I lose my luster when I swing on the golden gate.
Then wake me, shake me, don't let me sleep too late.
I'm going away in the morning to swing on the golden gate.